Week 1:- 
		We had our first group meeting and setup jira and github and had a chat about our
		user stories.

First meeting - 
		We worked on setting up github and played around with Jira to understand how it works.
Second meeting - 
		We worked on setting up our epic stories and designated each epic stories to a pair so 
		that pairs could work on completing user stories. 

Week 2:- 
		Worked on completing the user stories that I was assigned (Challenge, Filtering Books).
First meeting - 
		We discussed about the user stories that we came up with and made necessary alterations to them.
Second meeting -
               Worked on sprint planning.
               We delegated tasks amongst the members.
               Was assigned on completing work for the storyboard and assist Jaidon on finishing the system layers.

Week 3:- 
		Been going through React documentation to grasp a better understanding of how the Search page will shape up.
		Went through formatting of our proposal.
		Created storyboard for reviews page for the proposal.

Week 4 :- 
		Created card of the Search Page. 
		Going through the REST API to understand how it is going to work.
		Hit API's to get results on the frontend for search results.
    		Created JSON files and read from json files and displayed them on frontend ensuring that frontend work is almost done.

 Week 5:
    		Worked on displaying reviews on frontend. Read rating reviews from json file and displayed them on frontend.
		Got reviews implemented on Book page.
    
 Week 6
   		Worked on ensuring that reviews are hitting the API to get actual reviews of books.
		Ensure that reviews which are show in form of stars was right.
		Working changing stars from being dynamic to creating static stars for reviews that would change based on the result it gets from API.
    
 Week 7:
		Worked on creating collection on frontend. 
		Worked on hitting the API to create a collection.
		Fixed minor bugs with previous implementations.
  
 Week 8:
  		Worked on Reminder API to get it set.
		Planned on how the workflow will be for Reminders.
		Implemented reminders for frontend and hitting API's.
 Week 9:
  		Discussed about the Reminders features.
		Fixed minor bugs in reminders and creating collections.
		Spoke about the Goal feature to understand how that could work.
  
  
 
    
  
   
