Week 1:

Team was formed after using the forum and meeting in the online tutorial. 
During the tutorial both Jira and Github was set-up for use in the project. 
Future meetings involving all team members were also planned so that the 
user stories and high-level product objectives can be determined. 

Some research was also done as to what technology stacks will be used for the 
project, with the primary candidates being React, Node.js and Django. Another 
meeting was organised where the high-level objectives of the project is planned 
whilst also discussing the drawbacks of goodreads.com (a similar tool). Epic 
user stories were also disccused and written, with further user stories being 
assigned for other group members to complete throughout the week. User stories 
were not finished during this week since more thought over an extended period 
of time is needed. 

Plan to have two meetings over the next week, and complete all user stories 
in draft by Thursday 11 June. 

    Meetings:
        4 June: Meeting group members and setting up Jira and Github. Confluence 
        is also used for documentation. 
        7 June: Planning of the product description and user stories. Some 
        degree of technical planning was done as to what technology stacks will 
        be employed for the project (for now Django + React). A future meeting 
        is also tentatively scehduled. User stories assigned to group members 
        to complete.   

Week 2: 

Work was done with regards to the creation of user stories and and the project
background. User stories were assigned to each of the group members, with 
them being completed over the week. Further technical research was conducted, 
with it being agreed that React.js will be the front-end technology used along 
with Django (Python) being employed in the back-end. 

User stories were done in a timely fashion, and completed over the course of 
the week. All group members were assigned some user stories that they needed 
to complete. User stories were then put into Jira where they were placed inside 
a project backlog. 

    Meetings:
        11 June: All group members present to discuss the user stories that 
        were added to the backlog. Asked the tutor for help based on the user 
        stories that were written. Some preliminary planning for the user 
        stories was also done. 

Week 3:

The user stories were finalised amongst the team members, specifically in 
regards to the exact granularity of each story used. The Jira backlog was 
more fleshed out, specifically in regards to the user stories that need to 
be completed for the first sprint. Any errors in the user stories were found 
and discussed amongst the group members. 

I performed some sprint planning and handed out user stories to be done in 
the first sprint. Dates for the sprints were also planned in advance. I 
determined the novel functionality of the first sprint and the system in
general whilst also outlining the user stories that complete our objectives. 

Technical aspects of the project were determined. Story boards were created in 
a collaborative fashion. The architectural diagrams were also created for usage 
in the project. Some team members set-up scaffolding for the API on git. 
The proposal was finalised towards the end of the week, with any errors being 
found and changed closer to submission. 

    Meetings:
        15 June: Dicussing the user story backlog on Jira and the relevance 
        of the user stories compared to our technical architecture. 
        18 June: Some more planning was done, specifically in regards to 
        packages used on the front-end for design purposes (Ant design). 
        Work was assigned with some group members doing story boards whilst 
        others worked on the technical architecture for the proposal. The
        sprints were also finalised.  

Week 4:

Jira sprint was completely planned by the start of the week. All of the 
group members had been given work in the form of sub-tasks to complete on 
Jira. What was planned over the previous period was to complete all work related
to users being able to login and do simple search. Over this period the work 
finished was significantly smaller than envisioned, due to issues related to 
creating frameworks that added strain to the development time. 

The main technical obstacle was related to creating the frameworks to be used 
in the project. A secondary obstacle related to differing levels of commitment 
in the team due to having just completed the project proposal a week prior. 
This needed to be overcome by devoting a significant amount of time to 
developing the given features.  

The sprint by the end of Sunday was not finished. This was due to differing 
levels of committment between group members. To overcome this, it might make 
more sense to hold more frequent team meetings and be more active in reminding 
people of work on Microsoft Teams. 

Over the next week, we plan to hold a team meeting on Monday 29 June. Moreover,
we aim to complete all functionality related to search and account creation 
and management. 

    Meetings:
        25 June: More discussions on the general shape that the project will 
        take with the frameworks that are given. Plans for the creation of 
        scaffolds to do the project were also done.  

Week 5:

There was a delay in relation to performing the plan for the first sprint. 
Work had been assigned, but individuals experienced delays in performing 
the work. 

The demo was performed during the tutorial in Week Five. When it became time 
to present there were features that had not been properly completed due to 
issues with connecting the front-end to the back-end of the application. 
Many of the features in the front-end had been completed, or completed without 
proper attention to styling. In regards to the back-end, some features 
related to account management were completed, whilst others were in a state 
of needing more work to be done. 

It is evident that more work related to creating team contracts and 
communication between individuals working on the front and back-end needs to 
be performed. This could mean having active planning sessions to determine the 
right level of work for each individual. More frequent team meetings may 
be able to help resolve this issue.

The sprint was completed by the end of the Saturday following the demo. 

The retrospective was also done after we had presented our demo. 

    Meetings:
        2 July: Meeting in the morning to connect both the front-end along 
        with the back-end together. Failed to achieve this in time before 
        the demo was done.  

Week 6:

A new sprint was crafted to achive work related to book pages and 
searching/filtering. Work was handed out to all the team members to achieve 
over a period of a week, starting on Monday. Steady work on the sprint was 
done over this time period. 

Work completed to creating a book page and doing reviews was finished. 
The contracts were maintained as a way of separately working on both the 
front and back-end at the same time. This was a method of compromise that 
had been proposed as a solution in the prior week so as to complete work in 
a more timely fashion.   

Attention was paid to make sure that group members were enforcing the 
approaches outlined as needed in the retrospective for the assignment in 
week five.  

As an approach to increasing performance during sprints, it would be good if 
group members could complete their work in a more gradual fashion, instead of 
deciding to do it all over a small period of time. 

    Meetings:
        9 July: Normal weekly meeting to discuss the work that has been done 
        so far in completing the assignment. 

Week 7:

Although the work related to the front-end was completed by the deadline of 
the sprint (using mock data as outlined as a potential solution to increasing 
the quality of sprints), there were significant delays in getting  the 
back-end solutions out. This was primarily related to individuals who had 
been assigned work having other committments outside of the group project for 
the semester.  

This meant that some group members were again waiting on work to be completed
related to the work of other members. This created a significant level of 
inefficiency in being able to complete the sprint in a timely fashion. A clear 
solution to this kind of problem is having all team members being equally 
committed to achieving the objectives of the sprint on time. 

    Meetings:
        16 July: Normaly weekly meeting. Discussing work related to the back-end
        in the current sprint. Scrum master did planning for the next sprint, 
        conditional on work being completed in the back-end. 

Week 8:

The work planned in the prior week was to complete enough features contained 
in the sprint to present for the Demo B presentable in week eight tutorials. 
Although there was a initial struggle in achieving the objectives, the work 
of Jaidon in regards to developing the API features with collections 
allowed for the features to be rapidly developed from the perspective of 
the front-end. Hence, we were able to finish the objectives of the sprint 
by the designated due date (book collections specifically).

The primary technical obstacles encountered were related to how to present 
collections from the perspective of the user interface. There was a 
non-trivial amount of work that went into finding components that would suit 
potential book collections well. 

All work other than creating a book collection was finished by the end of 
the sprint. There was a slight delay in delivering the required front-end 
components necessary. This was not significant, as it was only a 
sub-task contained within a larger user-story. 

For the next week, recommendations are planned to be completed. Specifically, 
recommendations related to book page viewing along with generalised 
recommendations that are displayed on the home page. Moreover, the group 
aims to complete reading challenges and notifications by the end of Friday week
nine. 

    Meetings:
        23 July: Normal weekly meeting. Went through the work that would be  
        presented beforee the assignment demonstration. Also, group members 
        finished connecting parts of the front-end to the back-end of the 
        application. 

Week 9: 

Since the last sprint, the primary work planned was to complete a new iteration 
of features for implementing book recommendations and reminders. During this 
period, nearly the entirety of work related to recommendation, reminders and 
challenges were completed.

The primary techincal obstacles were related to finding a suitable contract 
to translated the recommendations provided in json to the front-end who 
would then display these through the user-interface. This was achieved 
through careful contract planning amongst the group members. The non-technical 
obstacles faced were delivering all the objectives of the sprint before the 
final deadline that we had set. We achieved this through continual communication 
amongst the group members. 

All work that was planned for the sprint was also completed. 

Over the next week, the primary focus will be on the embellishment of already 
existing features to make them more presentable for the final presentation. 
This will potentially take the form of a miniature sprint to achieve this. 
Moreover, there will need to be work done in relation to creating 
documentation and creating the final report for the project. 

    Meetings:
        30 July: Normal weekly meeting. Went through all the work that had 
        been completed up until this date. Moreover, group members updated 
        each other on projected arrival times for final features. 

Week 10:

Since the last week work was done on the front-end to make it more presentable. 
This meant polishing up some of the CSS that is used on the front-end. 
Moreover, comprehensive ticket management was done on Jira to ensure that 
all team members were completing the required work. The work planned since 
the last journal entry was mainly in relation to cleaning up the design on 
the front-end. 

The main technical obstacle faced was finding the right components to display 
the reading challenges on the front-end. In relation to the non-tehnical 
obstacles, there was a significant amount of difficulty in getting people to 
finish up the remaining bits ot work, especially in relation to the 
back-end of the application. There was certainlly a feeling that as the 
project extended into week ten there was less motivation to add more 
features and do more work. Moreover, there was also difficulty in getting 
individuals to complete the project report before the deadline in the tutorial 
on Thursday. 

Although everything is finished, there was definitely a desire for work 
to be more efficiently done before deadlines. 

Since this is the last week of the semester, nothing more is planned before 
the project submission on Thursday. The plan is for all team members to 
present a specific feature for the lab demonstration. 