Week 1:
  Summary:
    Participating in group meetings where we organised Jira and github as well as discussing user stories.
    Experimented with the Jira interface
  4-June:
    Group Meeting: Github, Jira
  5-June:
    Jira Exploration and beginning React Learning
  7-June:
    Group Meeting: User stories
Week 2:
  Summary:
    -
  8-June (Monday):
    Working through React setup and tutorial in order to understand our frontend framework
    https://reactjs.org/tutorial/tutorial.html
  9-June (Tuesday):
    Started working on the users stories for "Reviews" and "Book Page"
  10-June (Wednesday):
    Users stories for "Recommendation", brainstorm of ideas
  11-June (Thursday):
    Group Meeting: Discussing User Stories
  12-June (Friday):
    Uploading stories in Jira, expanding certain user stories such as the book rating system.
  13-June (Saturday):
    -
  14-June (Sunday):
    Light work on the React tutorial
Week 3:
  Summary:
    -
  15-June (Monday)
    15-5 Group Meeting
  16-June (Tuesday)
    Have been assigned to make an External Actors and system layer diagram. Spent time reviewing COMP1531 and the week 2 lecture notes
    for the most suitable template from what was covered but I think that that instead the "Layered Architecture" Architectural pattern and the associated
    diagrams is a good start. However I will probably need to have extensive knowledge of the full stack components and how they fit
    together to produce this (Which Ben is working on) so I should talk to him. In the meantime have been exploring full stack tutorials such as this: https://blog.logrocket.com/creating-an-app-with-react-and-django/
  17-June (Wednesday)
    Spent more time reading the blog: https://blog.logrocket.com/creating-an-app-with-react-and-django/
    Worked a bit on the layered diagram
  18-June (Thursday)
    Feedback on the diagram was that it should include more of the specific kinds of user interaction as well as component interaction
    With that in mind I changed it to more resemble a sequence diagram
  19-June (Friday)
    Further work on the sequence diagram
  20-June
    -
  21-June
    -
Week 4:
  22-June:
    Having been assigned login backend as well as researching image delivery, I have been reading some fundamental tutorials on Django authentication and file management. Spent some time installing and preparing PostgreSQL in order to run the site.
  23-June:
    Reading file documentation to see how we will deploy images
  24-June:
    -
  25-June:
    Group Meeting: Prioritising the login API, working through a REST API tutorial.
  26-June:
    -
  27-June:
    In deciding how we will implement authorization in our app I worked through the tutorial here: https://www.valentinog.com/blog/drf/ exploring whether it was easier to embed the react app inside django or have it run separately
  28-June:
    Spent some time trying to work out embedding react into django but it proved problematic, deciding to have them as completely separate entities so we need to use token authentication.
    Added basic token authentication functionality.
    
 Week 5:
    Login backend as well as name and author search backend.
    
 Week 6
    Working out genres in the backend and how to relate them to books. Basic display of genres given to the front end from the backend.
    
 Week 7:
  13-7: -
  14-7: -
  15-7: -
  16-7: Group meeting
  17-7: Completion of the rating-like backend and the filtering backend.
  18-8: Group meeting and starting on collection backend
  19-8: Preparing category dataset
  
 Week 8:
  20-7: Various fixes. dataset, likes
  21-7: Collection backend
  22-7: Prepared collection data
  Sunday: Improved results sorting and starting on recommendations on a book
 Week 9:
  Monday: Completed recommendations on book
  
  
 
    
  
   
